docs/logging-and-metrics.md, before:

## Logging

Each Watchbot stack will write all its logs to a single CloudWatch LogGroup. The [awscli](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/logs/index.html) or [cwlogs](https://github.com/mapbox/cwlogs) are a couple of tools that can be used to view log events in a LogGroup.

If your host EC2s **are not** built from [ECS-optimized AMIs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ecs-optimized_AMI.html), make sure that the `awslogs` driver is enabled on the ecs-agent by setting the following agent configuration:

```
ECS_AVAILABLE_LOGGING_DRIVERS=["json-file","awslogs"]
```

See [the AWS documentation](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/using_awslogs.html) for more information.

## Custom metrics

Custom metrics are collected under the namespace `Mapbox/ecs-watchbot`. They are mined via filters on CloudWatch logs, and can help you learn about the state of your Watchbot stack. Each custom metric is suffixed with your stack's name, e.g. `-MyWatchbotStack`.

Metric | Description | Statistics
--- | --- | ---
**WorkerErrors** | The total number of failed workers per minute. High levels of this error trigger the `WorkerErrors` alarm | Sum
**MessageReceives** | A metric collected for every received message that indicates how many times the message has been pulled from the queue | Maximum
**WorkerDuration** | The amount of time (msec) taken by a worker to run a task | `Average`, `Minimum` and `Maximum`

Commit message:

Metrics: Adds (approximate) response duration custom metric. (#318)
* Metrics: Adds (approximate) response duration custom metric.

Adds an custom metric around response duration: the combined time
spent waiting in the (SQS) queue + service time by the worker
process. This provides an end-to-end latency measurement for instances
of work.

Note that this measurement is approximate, since we're measuring the
time difference between clock timestamps on different machines that
cannot be treated as being reliably/sufficiently in-sync at Very Small
time resolutions.

/cc @rclark @jakepruitt @danpat

* Update remaining mocks

docs/logging-and-metrics.md, after:

## Logging

Each Watchbot stack will write all its logs to a single CloudWatch LogGroup. The
[awscli](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/logs/index.html) or
[cwlogs](https://github.com/mapbox/cwlogs) are a couple of tools that can be
used to view log events in a LogGroup.

If your host EC2s **are not** built from [ECS-optimized
AMIs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ecs-optimized_AMI.html),
make sure that the `awslogs` driver is enabled on the ecs-agent by setting the
following agent configuration:

```
ECS_AVAILABLE_LOGGING_DRIVERS=["json-file","awslogs"]
```

See [the AWS documentation](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/using_awslogs.html) for more information.

## Custom metrics

Custom metrics are collected under the namespace `Mapbox/ecs-watchbot`. They are
mined via filters on CloudWatch logs, and can help you learn about the state of
your Watchbot stack. Each custom metric is suffixed with your stack's name,
e.g. `-MyWatchbotStack`.

Metric | Description | Statistics
--- | --- | ---
**WorkerErrors** | The total number of failed workers per minute. High levels of this error trigger the `WorkerErrors` alarm | Sum
**MessageReceives** | A metric collected for every received message that indicates how many times the message has been pulled from the queue | Maximum
**WorkerDuration** | The amount of time (msec) taken by a worker to run a task | `Average`, `Minimum` and `Maximum`
**ResponseDuration** | The approximate time (msec) taken to service a message: sum of queue waiting time and worker duration | `Average`, `Minimum` and `Maximum`
