docs/watchbot-binaries.md, before:

# Watchbot binaries

## What is a watchbot binary?
A watchbot binary contains all of the watchbot code and dependencies,  pre-packed using [`zeit/pkg`](https://github.com/zeit/pkg/) and node 8, for the linux, mac OSX, windows and Alpine operating systems.

## Why do we need watchbot binaries?

The latest upgrade of `ecs-watchbot`, watchbot 4, also upgrades the node engine that watchbot uses. While this allows watchbot to use the latest JavaScript programming constructs, as well as the most optimised node engine, it also constrains consumers of watchbot to upgrade their node dependency if they are triggering a watchbot call with local watchbot scripts. As a workaround, we are pre-packaging watchbot, node 8 and associated scripts as a binary which helps consumers use the latest watchbot, without upgrading their existing node dependency.

## How can I use a watchbot binary?
Watchbot binaries are uploaded onto S3 at `s3://watchbot-binaries/<os>/<tag>/watchbot`. A watchbot binary is available for every tag and release made since v4.0.0, and available for the linux, macosx, alpine and windows operating systems. To use the watchbot binary in your project: 
* Based on the OS and tag you want to use, download it, and make it a global binary in your container/script/system.
  * os: `linux`, `alpine`, `macosx`, `windows`
  * tag: Any [watchbot tag](https://github.com/mapbox/ecs-watchbot/releases) starting from and more recent that v4.0.0

```
wget https://s3.amazonaws.com/watchbot-binaries/<os>/<tag>/watchbot -O /usr/local/bin/watchbot
RUN chmod +x /usr/local/bin/watchbot
```
* A watchbot stack and template generated as part of the above system will then automatically use the above global binary, when the watchbot worker is called.

## When is a new watchbot binary generated?

A watchbot binary is generated for the Linux, OSX, Windows and Alpine operating systems whenever a new watchbot release is made, i.e. whenever we create a new git tag, on this repository. This binary is then uploaded onto S3 at `s3://watchbot-binaries/<os>/<tag>/watchbot`. A watchbot binary is available for every tag and release made since v4.0.0

## How is the watchbot binary generated?

We use [AWS CodePipeline](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codepipeline/latest/userguide/welcome.html) to generate the binaries. Whenever a new "tag" is created on this repository, a CodePipeline build is triggered that generates the binary and uploads it onto S3. The CodePipeline stacks are currently restricted access and maintained by Mapbox.

Commit message:

add install current version section

docs/watchbot-binaries.md, after:

# Watchbot binaries

## Install the current watchbot version
Add these lines to your Dockerfile, to use the latest watchbot for the linux operating system.

```
RUN wget https://s3.amazonaws.com/watchbot-binaries/linux/v4.9.0/watchbot -O /usr/local/bin/watchbot
RUN chmod +x /usr/local/bin/watchbot
```
* **os**: You can replace `linux` with other operating systems like `alpine`, `macosx` or, `windows`
* **tag**: You can replace `v4.9.0`  with any [watchbot tag](https://github.com/mapbox/ecs-watchbot/releases) starting from and more recent that v4.0.0

## What is a watchbot binary?
A watchbot binary contains all of the watchbot code and dependencies,  pre-packed using [`zeit/pkg`](https://github.com/zeit/pkg/) and node 8, for the linux, mac OSX, windows and Alpine operating systems.

## Why do we need watchbot binaries?

Watchbot 4 is now a stand-alone application, and comes pre-packaged with dependencies. Using the binary will mean that you can use watchbot straight out of the box in your Dockerfile.

## How can I use a watchbot binary?
Watchbot binaries are uploaded onto S3 at `s3://watchbot-binaries/<os>/<tag>/watchbot`. A watchbot binary is available for every tag and release made since v4.0.0, and available for the linux, macosx, alpine and windows operating systems. To use the watchbot binary in your project: 
* Based on the OS and tag you want to use, download it, and make it a global binary in your container/script/system.
  * os: `linux`, `alpine`, `macosx`, `windows`
  * tag: Any [watchbot tag](https://github.com/mapbox/ecs-watchbot/releases) starting from and more recent that v4.0.0

* A watchbot stack and template generated as part of the above system will then automatically use the above global binary, when the watchbot worker is called.

## When is a new watchbot binary generated?

A watchbot binary is generated for the Linux, OSX, Windows and Alpine operating systems whenever a new watchbot release is made, i.e. whenever we create a new git tag, on this repository. This binary is then uploaded onto S3 at `s3://watchbot-binaries/<os>/<tag>/watchbot`. A watchbot binary is available for every tag and release made since v4.0.0

```
wget https://s3.amazonaws.com/watchbot-binaries/<os>/<tag>/watchbot -O /usr/local/bin/watchbot
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/watchbot
```

## How is the watchbot binary generated?

We use [AWS CodePipeline](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codepipeline/latest/userguide/welcome.html) to generate the binaries. Whenever a new "tag" is created on this repository, a CodePipeline build is triggered that generates the binary and uploads it onto S3. The CodePipeline stacks are currently restricted access and maintained by Mapbox.
