docs/worker-runtime-details.md, before:

## Worker runtime environment

In addition to any environment variables pre-configured for your worker via `watchbot.template()` (see below), Watchbot will provide each worker with a set of environment variables representing the details of the message which it should process:

Name | Description
--- | ---
Subject | the message's subject
Message | the message's body
MessageId | the message's ID defined by SQS
SentTimestamp | the time the message was sent
ApproximateFirstReceiveTimestamp | the time the message was first attempted
ApproximateReceiveCount | the number of times the message has been attempted

The environment will also contain some variables referencing resources that Watchbot created:

Name | Description
--- | ---
WorkTopic | the ARN of the SNS topic that provides messages to SQS
LogGroup | the name of the CloudWatch LogGroup where logs are sent

**:lock: Encrypting & decrypting environment variables**

The recommended flow for deploying Watchbot stacks is to use [cfn-config(http://github.com/mapbox/cfn-config) which provides a `--kms` option for automatically encrypting CloudFormation parameters marked with `[secure]`. To decrypt at runtime, install [decrypt-kms-env](https://github.com/mapbox/decrypt-kms-env) as a dependency in your Dockerfile and invoke it in your `CMD`. Example:

```Dockerfile
RUN eval $(./node_modules/.bin/decrypt-kms-env) && npm start
```

## Worker completion

The exit code from your worker determines what the watcher will do with the message that was being processed. Your options are:

Exit code | Description | Outcome
--- | --- | ---
0 | completed successfully | message is removed from the queue without notification
3 | rejected the message | message is removed from the queue and a notification is sent
4 | no-op | message is returned to the queue without notification
other | failure | message is returned to the queue and a notification is sent

When a message is returned to the queue, it will be retried. [See the worker retry documentation](./worker-retry-cycle.md) for more info.

Commit message:

Note that Subject and Message are parsed
The fact that the Subject and Message are already parsed in the worker's `process.env` caught me a bit off guard today, since generally `process.env` values are strings that need to be coerced into other types. It would be nice to indicate in the docs that this is not the case for these values in the worker's env.

docs/worker-runtime-details.md, after:

## Worker runtime environment

In addition to any environment variables pre-configured for your worker via `watchbot.template()` (see below), Watchbot will provide each worker with a set of environment variables representing the details of the message which it should process:

Name | Description
--- | ---
Subject | the message's subject, parsed by `JSON.parse`
Message | the message's body, parsed by `JSON.parse`
MessageId | the message's ID defined by SQS
SentTimestamp | the time the message was sent
ApproximateFirstReceiveTimestamp | the time the message was first attempted
ApproximateReceiveCount | the number of times the message has been attempted

The environment will also contain some variables referencing resources that Watchbot created:

Name | Description
--- | ---
WorkTopic | the ARN of the SNS topic that provides messages to SQS
LogGroup | the name of the CloudWatch LogGroup where logs are sent

**:lock: Encrypting & decrypting environment variables**

The recommended flow for deploying Watchbot stacks is to use [cfn-config(http://github.com/mapbox/cfn-config) which provides a `--kms` option for automatically encrypting CloudFormation parameters marked with `[secure]`. To decrypt at runtime, install [decrypt-kms-env](https://github.com/mapbox/decrypt-kms-env) as a dependency in your Dockerfile and invoke it in your `CMD`. Example:

```Dockerfile
RUN eval $(./node_modules/.bin/decrypt-kms-env) && npm start
```

## Worker completion

The exit code from your worker determines what the watcher will do with the message that was being processed. Your options are:

Exit code | Description | Outcome
--- | --- | ---
0 | completed successfully | message is removed from the queue without notification
3 | rejected the message | message is removed from the queue and a notification is sent
4 | no-op | message is returned to the queue without notification
other | failure | message is returned to the queue and a notification is sent

When a message is returned to the queue, it will be retried. [See the worker retry documentation](./worker-retry-cycle.md) for more info.
